Hello friends. I welcome you to this class.
In today's class I want to show you how you can edit YouTube transcript with ChatGPT.
In one of the videos I uploaded, I show you how you can edit YouTube transcripts in Microsoft Word.
Today, the focus of today's class is on how you can make use of ChatGPT.
The first part we cover the transcript without the timestamp.
So all you have to do, you have to copy the transcript.
You can highlight it, copy the transcript, highlight this,
scroll down, press the shift button to your left and press this.
Okay, copy.
Now if you copy and paste the file, the text to Word document, come to Home.
Now to adjust it is going to take a lot of time from you. And you want to save time.
That is the essence, you want to leverage on the use of artificial intelligence.
So what do you have to do? Instead of manual arrangement... imagine like this...
especially when you have large files, this will take your time.
So that is the essence of this video so that you can maximize the use of artificial intelligence.
So open to ChatGPT. All you have to do, you can prompt,
'arrange the text' or any prompt that works for you. Paste it. Enter.
Without much ado, you will see that ChatGPT will have arranged the text.
All you have to do is to copy it. This will save you time.
All you have to do is to copy.
So... within a short time ChatGPT has arranged it.
All you have to do is to copy it. Paste it in Microsoft Word.
You can paste and adjust. You can use your desired font.
And you can decide to compare and contrast.
This is the transcript copied from the YouTube. You can view side by side.
You can view side by side, scroll it and compare. You see that it's the same text.
So the use of ChatGPT has saved your time. Other words you can decide to add other things.
So this is how to use ChatGPT to edit YouTube transcript.
If you are yet to subscribe to this channel, kindly hit the subscribe button and also click on the bell
so that you can get alerts for our subsequent uploads. Thank you for watching.